the city of campinas sp the space I think is the most appropriate because
asked why, regarding medicine, people who practice
sports people have problems with orthopedics is not
pleased to the terms and fomentation in the high space pedia
precisely to solve the cases today which the six should follow
some have a role and seven more contractors here is the winner
these appear beautiful is the great commander the clinic fall by tube
at where
short evidently sells orthopedic pepe took advantage of a part on the given name
worrying to threaten
we're in the 90's shape
we stayed here on the grounds of my residence for three years
and I bet they make a specialization substance in the United States
for two years
since then since 96 of what I am here in campinas renato works
they are working
the generation capacity exactly
two professionals are joão
we are in seven doctors informing every team every disney subsede
If in reality we build
thinking like the patient
I as a patient I would like a clean entrance from a proper chair
comforted second to the specific bathroom for the patients then
here was done thinking about the patient not as an entrepreneur or
the doctor
on the other side with a patient what we thought was better then this
is the conception that this clinic was built
I'm going to ask a question that guy knows the law of the total
but certain gave up a pain for example of kolonaki and psychologically it has
an influence on the producer's life of the patient's citizen shows
this psychological pain
has the Dutch already comes to the head altered change
to air perspiration
the breathing heart rate and also consequently the contracture
muscular
then the altered head changes the whole organism as if it is not right now
you will walk in statistics about 80% of the population with the
loser of ours
on the back one day posture problem
problem of the future
but will I leave the consultation here driver and the version for in
The truth is that we still talk about the physical part.
then certainly this is a providential elevator that has many people
with locomotion problems
of course it was not
have here we have the notion two floors see that the bottom what
implies in a room including the brand patient that arrived
the top of the table and defeat with a null the lift of the spout
of eight people
a wheel chair plus four people
that we have the top parts that are the constructors right then he can
use the elevator or have a ramp with a stretched square also get there
up to the top
said to have made available 500 meters from the
this common area is an interesting thing
this is the first radiological digital clinic in porto field
lose time
digital of campinos
art is also the ecological part that we also worry about with the
psychological part
the whole part after ten years only eight centimeters of consulting
you have a serve
www clinical point
port boni with a good level
I had a southern end in English if I spoke in orso and it occurred to me that someone told me
said
which seems to me as well as blood banks
have bone bank also in reality the bear when the dead person gun and
buried the only thing that remains for us is everything that returns it in good
hour
created a legend of a calcium gap
so that's why I can do kidney transplants or juice
for people from one to the other without rejection problem
what is given or success is the mental part
which is the moat and cause then we are also part of the system
national transplant
here makes the capture and the use of use
every hour
what address here avenida doctor heitor suddenly combed the one of fourteen 05
I remember this, I know that preference
and you pass in front of the main gate walks and some more coitus
meters meters
and you will be at this clinic showing you there
it is a wonder of course that only the physical part would not matter if the
talent and professional capacity to adopt here in the program then
attack exactly for this to indicate these people has port lost medicine
sports theme
petra mato logia and physiotherapy
I'm in the city
he opened the ibrahim gutierrez he is
gutierrez
engineering with cardiac arrest
the champions have already 15 years 15 years
and you have specialized in the sector of interest
today we are here in a meeting with the different treatment in this area here
nantes is an important customer among others but most importantly the
petrobras - heavy industry works
As for us satisfaction with the bora to see with our brand
the first-line orthopedic clinic in the evening purchase is this satisfaction is
open a niche market so beautiful, you can make a relationship
in the small area
who mainly works in the area of ​​engineering those people who work
in offices across the street makes a very strong movement
mainly on the outside
and carries yew, to rethink also evidently that the clinic
it is still the point of reference that in the city in this area
is it maybe the medicine of work is donation should have a job already
developed
but I'll already have taken and would give town
he has treated the children of friends of the parents of friends to leak
the characteristic of the giriboni family
this is a lot was thousands and corporatism is very important
I am very proud to be here today witnessing the growth of the
name giriboni
the person from emerson I think we're going to have in campinas in the very short space
of time
a bright future clinical site of national and international projection
Corinthians was less somber than they received from the program for the first time.
victory of the toucan
Thank you for coming back soon.